cloud: top navigation pr (#11577)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md

To change the local timezone setting, perform the following steps:

> 1. Click the buildng icon in the upper-right corner of the TiDB Cloud console.

Reviewer: Is there an icon for it?

> 1. Click the buildng icon in the upper-right corner of the TiDB Cloud console.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click the <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> icon in the upper-right corner of the TiDB Cloud console.
```
